Use OIDC credentials for publicdata tests (#296)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-dotnet: README.md

```
For this script AAD env variables need to be defined: `TEST_TENANT_ID_WRITE`, `TEST_CLIENT_ID_WRITE`, `TEST_CLIENT_SECRET_WRITE`.

> You also need read credentials for publicdata project `TEST_TENANT_ID_READ`, `TEST_CLIENT_ID_READ`, `TEST_CLIENT_SECRET_READ`.

Author: ```suggestion
You also need AAD credentials with READ access to publicdata project `TEST_TENANT_ID_READ`, `TEST_CLIENT_ID_READ`, `TEST_CLIENT_SECRET_READ`.
```
